MR Serverless Follow Ups (#17231)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/cockroachcloud/troubleshooting-page.md

### Hanging or stuck queries

> When you experience a hanging or stuck query using {{ site.data.products.serverless }}, the cause could be that you've reached your [resource limit](plan-your-cluster-serverless.html#choosing-resource-limits) for [Request Units](plan-your-cluster-serverless.html#request-units) or storage space. This can affect SQL Statements or `cockroach` CLI commands. To check your cluster's status, navigate to the [**Cluster Overview** page](cluster-overview-page.html) in the Cloud Console. In the **Usage this month** section, you will see your resource usage and limits. If you've used all your storage, your cluster will be labeled **THROTTLED**, and you will only be able to delete data. If you've used all your RUs, your cluster will be **DISABLED**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A hanging or stuck query using {{ site.data.products.serverless }} may be caused by reaching the cluster's configured [resource limits](plan-your-cluster-serverless.html#choosing-resource-limits) for [Request Units](plan-your-cluster-serverless.html#request-units) or storage space. SQL Statements and `cockroach` CLI commands may be impacted. You can check your cluster's resource limits and status from the [**Cluster Overview** page](cluster-overview-page.html) in the Cloud Console. Resource limits are displayed in **Usage this month**. If you've used all your storage, your cluster will be labeled **THROTTLED**, and you not be able to write new data until the next billing cycle begins unless you delete some data or increase your storage limit. If you've used all your RUs, your cluster will be **DISABLED** until the next billing cycle begins or you increase your RU limit.
```

> When you experience a hanging or stuck query using {{ site.data.products.serverless }}, the cause could be that you've reached your [resource limit](plan-your-cluster-serverless.html#choosing-resource-limits) for [Request Units](plan-your-cluster-serverless.html#request-units) or storage space. This can affect SQL Statements or `cockroach` CLI commands. To check your cluster's status, navigate to the [**Cluster Overview** page](cluster-overview-page.html) in the Cloud Console. In the **Usage this month** section, you will see your resource usage and limits. If you've used all your storage, your cluster will be labeled **THROTTLED**, and you will only be able to delete data. If you've used all your RUs, your cluster will be **DISABLED**.

Reviewer 2: We need to remove the "hanging or stuck query" language, since we're no longer throttling individual queries when running out of resources. The "throttling" that we do now only happens when the storage limit is breached, and that consists of restricting the user to a single SQL connection query which the user can use to delete data. We have no way to ensure that they only can delete data, however.

<h4>Solution</h4>

If you've reached your storage or RU limit, you can [increase your resource limits](serverless-cluster-management.html#edit-your-resource-limits) and then re-run the query.

> If you've only reached your RU limit, you can wait until the next billing cycle when [monthly free RUs](plan-your-cluster-serverless.html#free-vs-paid-usage) become available and then re-run the query.

Reviewer: If you take my suggestion above, I think you can delete this sentence.

Author: Took most of the suggestion but leaving the full solution under the **Solution** header.
